Gh 535 read cached in graphql (#545)
tarantool/cartridge: CHANGELOG.md

- Apply `custom_proc_title` setting without waiting for `box.cfg`.

> - Replace `req:read()` on `req:read_cached()` for GraphQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make GraphQL compatible with `req:read_cached()` call in httpd hooks.
```
